student in the web development uh degree
and um right now I'm sitting in some
comfortable pajamas because it's been a
pretty long day. But um you know I'm
going to talk about a little bit about
what I like um what I am am interested
in. Uh my favorite part about the web
development and uh design degree is the
user research. I really do enjoy the
idea of um understanding how to
implement processes that can help people
um have a greater experience when it
comes to uh a digital sphere. I'm a huge
fan of technology and so I really like
video games. I play them often with my
friends and um it's a great social um
like outlet for me. I also really really
like to
um listen to music and to listen to
audiobooks. Those are my kind of go-to
type of
um
ways to relax when I'm out on the go or
when I'm doing homework or school work.
And you know, yeah. Um that's pretty
much me. Um I really hope to get out of
this class a passing grade. and um a
greater understanding for how to use
different medias
um on a